.TH HASKELL-UPDATER "1" "May 2014" "haskell-updater-1.2.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
haskell-updater \- Version 1.2.1
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B haskell-updater
[\fIOptions \fR[\fI-- \fR[\fIPM options\fR]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SS "haskell-updater \fB\-\-\fR Find and rebuild packages broken due to either:"
.IP
\(bu GHC upgrade
.IP
\(bu Haskell dependency upgrade
.TP
Default action is to do both.
.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-c\fR          \fB\-\-dep\-check\fR
Check dependencies of Haskell packages.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR          \fB\-\-upgrade\fR
Rebuild Haskell packages after a GHC upgrade.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR          \fB\-\-all\fR
Rebuild all Haskell libraries built with current GHC.
.TP
\fB\-P\fR PM       \fB\-\-package\-manager\fR=\fIPM\fR
Use package manager PM, where PM can be one of:
* paludis
* pkgcore
* portage
.IP
The last valid value of PM specified is chosen.
The default package manager is: portage,
which can be overriden with the "PACKAGE_MANAGER"
environment variable.
.TP
\fB\-C\fR command  \fB\-\-custom\-pm\fR=\fIcommand\fR
Use custom command as package manager;
ignores the \fB\-\-pretend\fR and \fB\-\-no\-deep\fR flags.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR          \fB\-\-pretend\fR
Only pretend to build packages.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-deep\fR
Don't pull deep dependencies (\fB\-\-deep\fR with emerge).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR          \fB\-\-list\-only\fR
Output only list of packages for rebuild. One package per line.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR          \fB\-\-version\fR
Version information.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR          \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Print only fatal errors (to stderr).
.TP
\fB\-v\fR          \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be more elaborate (to stderr).
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \-?      \fB\-\-help\fR
Print this help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
\(bu Look for broken packages and rebuild them:
.IP
    $> haskell-updater
.TP
\(bu Rebuild all packages:
.IP
    $> haskell-updater --all
